Script update and documentation update for ldap testing (#189)
owncloud/administration: ldap-testing/README.md

Clone [administration](https://github.com/owncloud/administration) repo and run `start.sh` to start a LDAP server and LDAPAdmin

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

git clone https://github.com/owncloud/administration
bash -x ldap-testing/start.sh
````

Also to stop LDAP server and LDAPAdmin run the stop.sh script
```
bash -x ldap-testing/stop.sh
````

> For more details visit (https://github.com/owncloud/core/wiki/How-to-test-user_ldap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information please visit https://github.com/owncloud/core/wiki/How-to-test-user_ldap.
```
